hkstudio_fork:
go forward to the studio, the fork is on the table on the left.
the fork is on the table by the chair in the studio.
move to the studio, the fork is on the table on the left.
go to the studio, the fork is on the table to the left of the room.
hkstudio_mug:
walk to the office, the mug is on the table behind the couch.
move to the office, the mug is on the table in front of the couch.
go to the office, walk half way in and the mug is on the table.
hkstudio_statue:
move to the studio and the statue is on the table at the end of the room.
go to the studio and the statue is on the table by the chair at the end of the room.
hkstudio_monitor:
the monitor is on the table on the right in the studio.
walk to the studio then move forward then turn right and go forward again, you will see the monitor on the table.
walk to the studio then move forward then turn right and go forward again, you will see the monitor on the table beside the chair.
the monitor is on the table to the far right in the studio.
walk to the studio, the monitor is on the table beside the chair to the right of the room.
hkstudio_laptop:
the laptop is on the table to the left.
the laptop is on the table beside the chairs.
the laptop is on the table to the left by the chairs.
turn left then you will see the laptop on the table.
turn left then you will see the laptop on the table beside chairs.
the laptop is on the table in the meeting room.
the laptop is on the table on the left in the meeting room.
the laptop is in the meeting room on the table on the left.
hkstudio_glassescase:
go forward and turn right and then go forward again, walk straight until you are at the back and you will find the glasses case.
the glasses case is on the table beside the chair in the office.
go to the office, the glasses case is on the table by the chair.
onebedroom_fork:
the fork is on the table in the meeting room.
the fork is in the meeting room on the table by the chair.
go to the meeting room you will see the fork on the table by the chair.
move to the meering room then you will find the fork on the table.
onebedroom_mug:
turn right and then you will see the mug on the table.
the mug is on the table to the left of the couch.
the mug is on the table on the right.
turn right then move forward you will see the mug on the table.
onebedroom_statue:
the statue is in the bedroom on the nightstand to the left of the bed.
the statue is on the table to the left of the bed in the bedroom.
walk to the bedroom then walk forward you will find the statue on the table.
go to the bedroom then walk half way in you will find the statue on the table to the left of the bed.
onebedroom_monitor:
the monitor is on the table beside the chair in the bedroom.
go to the bedroom the turn right you will find the monitor on the right.
the monitor is in the bedroom on the table to the left of the chair.
go the the bedroom then you will find the monitor on the table on your right.
onebedroom_laptop:
go to the office then you will find the laptop on the table by the chair.
the laptop is on the table in the office room.
onebedroom_glassescase:
the glasses case is on the table in front of the couch.
the glasses case is in the living room on the table in front of the couch.
move forward then turn right you will see the glasses case on the table.
move forward then turn right you will see the glasses case on the table in front of the couch.
twobedrooms_fork:
go to the office and then turn right you will see the fork on the table.
walk to the office and then you will find the fork on your right.
the fork is in the office room on the table to the right end of the room.
twobedrooms_mug:
the mug is in the living room on the table to the right of the room.
the mug is on the table in the living room.
twobedrooms_statue:
the statue is on the table in the bedroom.
go to the bedroom then you will see the statue on the table on your right.
go to the bedroom and the statue is on the table to the right of the bed.
twobedrooms_monitor:
the monitor is on the table by the chair in the office room.
go to the office and then you will see the monitor on the table.
twobedrooms_laptop:
go forward and then turn left and you will find the laptop on the table.
walk forward and the laptop is on the table to your left.
the laptop is on the table by the chairs.
move forward and the laptop is on the table by the chairs to your left.
twobedrooms_glassescase:
the glasses case is on the table in front of the couch in the living room.
go to the living room and you will find the glasses on the table in front of the couch.
