description #	Unique template descriptions
1	Go forward and turn right and the fork will be on the right.
2	Go straight and take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case.
3	Go forward and turn right and walk straight until you are at the back and you’ll find the laptop.
4	Go straight and turn left and walk straight about halfway in. Turn left. Go forward until you hit the wall and then left again and you’ll find the monitor.
5	Go forward and turn left and the statue will be ahead to your left.
6	Go straight and then take a left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward and there is the mug. 
7	Go forward and turn right and the fork will be on the table to the right.
8	Go straight and take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table.
9	Go forward and turn right and walk straight until you are at the table at the back and you’ll find the laptop.
10	Go straight and turn left and walk straight about halfway in. Turn left. Go forward until you hit the wall and then left again and you’ll find the monitor on top of the nightstand.
11	Go forward and turn left and the statue will be on the nightstand ahead to your left.
12	Go straight and then take a left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward to the table and there is the mug. 
13	Go forward and turn right and the fork will be on the table to the right in front of the couch.
14	Go straight and take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table behind the couch.
15	Go forward and turn right and walk straight until you are at the table at the back with the chairs and you’ll find the laptop.
16	Go straight and turn left and walk straight about halfway in. You’ll find the monitor on top of the nightstand to the left of the bed.
17	Go forward and turn left and the statue will be on the nightstand to the right of the bed.
18	Go straight and then take a left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward to the table with the chairs and there is the mug. 
19	Go forward and turn right and the fork will be on the table to the right behind the couch.
20	Go straight and take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table in front of the couch.
21	Go straight and turn left and walk straight about halfway in. You’ll find the monitor on top of the nightstand to the right bed.
22	Go forward and turn left and the statue will be on the nightstand to the left of the bed.
23	Come into the room on the right and the fork will be on the right.
24	Take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case.
25	Go forward and turn right and go straight until you are at the wall and you’ll find the laptop.
26	Go straight and turn left and go straight about halfway in. Turn left. Go forward until you hit the wall and then left again and you’ll find the monitor.
27	Come forward and turn left and the statue will be ahead to your left.
28	Enter the room on the left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward and there is the mug against the wall.
29	Come into the room on the right and the fork will be on the table to the right.
30	Take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table.
31	Go forward and turn right and go straight until you are at the wall and you’ll find the laptop on the table.
32	Go straight and turn left and go straight about halfway in. Turn left. Go forward until you hit wall and then left again and you’ll find the monitor on top of the nightstand.
33	Come forward and turn left and the statue will be on the nightstand ahead to your left.
34	Enter the room on the left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward to the table against the wall and there is the mug.
35	Come into the room on the right and the fork will be on the table to the right in front of the couch.
36	Take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table behind the couch.
37	Go forward and turn right and go straight until you are at the wall and you’ll find the laptop on the table with the chairs.
38	Go straight and turn left and go straight about halfway in. You’ll find the monitor on top of the nightstand to the left of the bed.
39	Come forward and turn left and the statue will be on the nightstand to the right of the bed.
40	Enter the room on the left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward to the table against the wall with the chairs and there is the mug.
41	Come into the room on the right and the fork will be on the table to the right behind the couch.
42	Take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table in front of the couch.
43	Come forward and turn left and the statue will be on the nightstand to the left of the bed.
44	Walk forward and turn right into the room and the fork will be on the right.
45	Walk straight and take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case.
46	Walk forward and turn right into the room and walk straight until you are at the back and you’ll find the laptop.
47	Walk straight and turn left and walk straight about halfway in. Turn left. Go forward until you hit the wall and then left again and you’ll find the monitor.
48	Walk forward and turn left into the room and the statue will be ahead to your left.
49	Walk straight and then take a left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward and there is the mug. 
50	Walk forward and turn right into the room and the fork will be on the table to the right.
51	Walk straight and take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table.
52	Walk forward and turn right into the room and walk straight until you are at the table at the back and you’ll find the laptop.
53	Walk straight and turn left and walk straight about halfway in. Turn left. Go forward until you hit the wall and then left again and you’ll find the monitor on top of the nightstand.
54	Walk forward and turn left into the room and the statue will be on the nightstand ahead to your left.
55	Walk straight and then take a left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward to the table and there is the mug. 
56	Walk forward and turn right into the room and the fork will be on the table to the right in front of the couch.
57	Walk straight and take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table behind the couch.
58	Walk forward and turn right into the room and walk straight until you are at the table at the back with the chairs and you’ll find the laptop.
59	Walk straight and turn left and walk straight about halfway in. You’ll find the monitor on top of the nightstand to the left of the bed.
60	Walk forward and turn left into the room and the statue will be on the nightstand to the right of the bed.
61	Walk straight and then take a left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward to the table with the chairs and there is the mug. 
62	Walk forward and turn right into the room and the fork will be on the table to the right behind the couch.
63	Walk straight and take a right. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table in front of the couch.
64	Walk straight and turn left and walk straight about halfway in. You’ll find the monitor on top of the nightstand to the right of the bed.
65	Walk forward and turn left into the room and the statue will be on the nightstand to the left of the bed.
66	Walk into the room on the right and the fork will be on the right.
67	Take a right through the door. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case.
68	Go straight and turn left and go straight about halfway in. Turn left. Go forward until you hit the  wall and then left again and you’ll find the monitor.
69	Walk forward and turn left through the door and the statue will be ahead to your left.
70	Go into the room on the left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward and there is the mug against the wall.
71	Walk into the room on the right and the fork will be on the table to the right.
72	Take a right through the door. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table.
73	Go forward and turn right and go straight until you are at the table at the back wall and you’ll find the laptop.
74	Go straight and turn left and go straight about halfway in. Turn left. Go forward until you hit the wall and then left again and you’ll find the monitor on top of the nightstand.
75	Walk forward and turn left through the door and the statue will be on the nightstand ahead to your left.
76	Go into the room on the left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward to the table against the wall and there is the mug.
77	Walk into the room on the right and the fork will be on the table to the right in front of the couch.
78	Take a right through the door. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table behind the couch.
79	Go forward and turn right and go straight until you are at the table at the back wall with the chairs and you’ll find the laptop on the table.
80	Walk forward and turn left through the door and the statue will be on the nightstand to the right of the bed.
81	Go into the room on the left. Move about halfway in and then turn right. Go forward to the table against the wall with the chairs and there is the mug.
82	Walk into the room on the right and the fork will be on the table to the right behind the couch.
83	Take a right through the door. Go forward and turn right and you’ll find the glasses case on the table in front of the couch.
84	Go straight and turn left and go straight about halfway in. You’ll find the monitor on top of the nightstand to the right of the bed.
85	Walk forward and turn left through the door and the statue will be on the nightstand to the left of the bed.
86	The fork is in the room on the right directly to the right.
87	The glasses case is in the room to the right about halfway in on the right.
88	The laptop is in the room on the right in the back.
89	The monitor is in the room to the left on the left wall.
90	The statue is in the room on the left ahead to the left.
91	The mug is in the room to the left on the far right.
92	The fork is in the room on the right on the table directly to the right.
93	The glasses case is in the room to the right about halfway in on the right on the table.
94	The laptop is in the room on the right on the back table.
95	The monitor is in the room to the left on the table against the left wall.
96	The statue is in the room on the left on the table ahead to the left.
97	The mug is in the room to the left on the table to the far right.
98	The fork is in the room on the right on the table to the right in front of the couch.
99	The glasses case is in the room to the right on the right on the table behind the couch.
100	The laptop is in the room on the right on the back table with the chairs.
101	The monitor is in the room to the left on the table to the left of the bed.
102	The statue is in the room on the left on the table to the right of the bed.
103	The mug is in the room to the left on the table to the far right by the chairs.
104	The fork is in the room on the right on the table to the right behind the couch.
105	The glasses case is in the room to the right on the right on the table in front of the couch.
106	The monitor is in the room to the left on the table to the right of the bed.
107	The statue is in the room on the left on the table to the left of the bed.
108	The fork is in the living room on the right directly to the right.
109	The glasses case was in the living room to the right about halfway in on the right.
110	The laptop is in the living room on the right in the back.
111	The monitor is in the bedroom to the left on the left wall.
112	The statue is in the bedroom on the left ahead to the left.
113	The mug is in the bedroom to the left on the far right.
114	The fork is in the living room on the right on the table directly to the right.
115	The glasses case was in the living room to the right about halfway in on the right on the table.
116	The laptop is in the living room on the right on the back table.
117	The monitor is in the bedroom to the left on the table against the left wall.
118	The statue is in the bedroom on the left on the table ahead to the left.
119	The mug is in the bedroom to the left on the table to the far right.
120	The fork is in the living room on the right on the table to the right in front of the couch.
121	The glasses case was in the living room to the right on the right on the table behind the couch.
122	The laptop is in the living room on the right on the back table with the chairs.
123	The monitor is in the bedroom to the left on the table to the left of the bed.
124	The statue is in the bedroom on the left on the table to the right of the bed.
125	The mug is in the bedroom to the left on the table to the far right by the chairs.
126	The fork is in the living room on the right on the table to the right behind the couch.
127	The glasses case was in the living room to the right on the right on the table in front of the couch.
128	The monitor is in the bedroom to the left on the table to the right of the bed.
129	The statue is in the bedroom on the left on the table to the left of the bed.
130	The laptop is in the room on the right at the back.
131	The mug is in the room to the left at the far right wall.
132	The laptop is in the room on the right at the back table.
133	The mug is in the room to the left on the table at the far right wall.
134	The laptop is in the room on the right at the back table with the chairs.
135	The mug is in the room to the left on the table with the chairs at the far right wall.
136	The fork is in the living room on the right directly to the right side.
137	The laptop is in the living room on the right at the end of the room.
138	The monitor is in the bedroom to the left on the left side wall.
139	The mug is in the bedroom to the left on the far right end.
140	The fork is in the living room on the right on the table directly to the right side.
141	The laptop is in the living room on the right at the end of the room on the table.
142	The monitor is in the bedroom to the left on the table against the left side wall.
143	The mug is in the bedroom to the left on the table at the far right end.
144	The fork is in the living room on the right on the table to the right side in front of the couch.
145	The laptop is in the living room on the right at the end of the room on the table with the chairs.
146	The mug is in the bedroom to the left on the table by the chairs at the far right end.
147	The fork is in the living room on the right on the table to the right side behind the couch.
148	The monitor is in the bedroom to the left on the table to the right of the table.
149	The statue is in the bedroom on the left on the table to the left of the bed.

